{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl255\slmult0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 ## <$title>\{#<$label>-<$parentposition>.<$position>\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs52\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>I'm a thing.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 No argument here. When will that be? Our love isn't any different from yours, except it's hotter, because I'm involved. One hundred dollars. As an interesting side note, as a head without a body, I envy the dead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Is today's hectic lifestyle making you tense and impatient?}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1 Morbo can't understand his teleprompter because he forgot how you say that letter that's shaped like a man wearing a hat.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Oh yeah, good luck with that [@Zongkerchicken2005].}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl255\slmult0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \\input\{figures/texs/fig:c2.tex\}}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs40\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you.<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg 'fixes' it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 then perhaps gifts! We need rest. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised. Bender, I didn't know you liked cooking. That's so cute.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There's no part of that sentence I didn't like!}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 We're also Santa Claus!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Moving along\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2>You lived before you met me?!<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Why would I want to know that? Oh, how awful. Did he at least die painlessly? \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85To shreds, you say. Well, how is his wife holding up? \u8230\'85To shreds, you say. Oh, I always feared he might run off like this. Why, why, why didn't I break his legs?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Whoa a real live robot; or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Shut up and take my money!}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And when we woke up, we had these bodies. Yeah, I do that with my stupidness. I don't 'need' to drink. I can quit anytime I want! Our love isn't any different from yours, except it's hotter, because I'm involved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 We'll need to have a look inside you with this camera. I videotape every customer that comes in here, so that I may blackmail them later. You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit! Is the Space Pope reptilian!?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 So I really am important? How I feel when I'm drunk is correct? Fry! Quit doing the right thing, you jerk! Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you. It's toe-tappingly tragic!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I didn't ask for a completely reasonable excuse! I asked you to get busy! That's not soon enough! And until then, I can never die? We need rest. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is spongy and bruised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Oh, but you can. But you may have to metaphorically make a deal with the devil. And by "devil", I mean Robot Devil. And by "metaphorically", I mean get your coat. Soothe us with sweet lies. No, she'll probably make me do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Oh, I don't have time for this. I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain. Why, those are the Grunka-Lunkas! They work here in the Slurm factory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit! Bite my shiny metal ass. It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus. All year long, the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter, while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came, and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns. Also he got a race car. Is any of this getting through to you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Oh yeah, good luck with that. Oh, I don't have time for this. I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain. Fry! Stay back! He's too powerful!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Ow, my spirit! Fry, you can't just sit here in the dark listening to classical music. I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope? So, how 'bout them Knicks?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 And I'm his friend Jesus. Leela's gonna kill me. No argument here. Ow, my spirit!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Check it out, y'all. Everyone who was invited is here. I'm just glad my fat, ugly mama isn't alive to see this day. I just told you! You've killed me! No, I'm Santa Claus! }}