{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Georgia;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f4\fs24\b1\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs42\b0\i0 G}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 ENERAL }{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 N}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 ON-}{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 F}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 ICTION }{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 (S}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 TANDARD }{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 M}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 ANUSCRIPT }{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 F}{\f1\fs32\b0\i0 ORMAT}{\f1\fs42\b0\i0 )}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 About This Template}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 When compiled (File > Compile), this project will generate a document in the standard manuscript format used for many types of non-fiction.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 How To Use This Template}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Edit the Title Page document to ensure it contains the correct information.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Create a new folder for each chapter and title each folder with the name of the chapter. If you don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t intend to use chapter names, just use something descriptive that tells you what the chapter is about. (You do not need to title the folders \u8220\'93Chapter One\u8221\'94 and so on, as chapter numbering will be taken care of automatically during the Compile process.) The first chapter folder has been created for you with the placeholder title \u8220\'93Chapter Subtitle\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Create a new text document for each sub-section within the chapter folders. (Upon export or print, these sub-sections will be separated with the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93#\u8221\'94 character.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 If you don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t require a foreword, move the \u8220\'93Foreword\u8221\'94 document to the Trash folder. Alternatively, rename it \u8220\'93Preface\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Introduction\u8221\'94 if you prefer. If you would rather the foreword come after the table of contents\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 as is sometimes the case\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 drag the \u8220\'93Foreword\u8221\'94 document and drop it below the \u8220\'93Contents\u8221\'94 document.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 If you are compiling to the RTF file format or if you have Microsoft Office installed and are compiling to DOC, DOCX, PDF or Print, you can create a table of contents. Before compiling, simply select all the documents you wish to be included in the contents listing (usually this will be the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Foreword\u8221\'94, all chapter folders, and \u8220\'93Endnotes\u8221\'94, but not the sections within chapters), then go to Edit > Copy Special > Copy Documents as ToC. Paste into the \u8220\'93Contents\u8221\'94 document. The resulting linked text and page number tags will be replaced with the final chapter names and page numbers in the compiled document. If you wish, you can remove the dotted underline between the titles and page numbers by selecting all the text and toggling Format > Font > Underline twice. You don\u8217\'92t need to create the ToC every time you compile, just when chapters have been added, deleted, renamed or moved around. (}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Note to Microsoft Word users: }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 If you export to Word, you may need to generate a print preview in Word to force the page numbers to show up correctly\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 they may appear as question marks before doing so.) Deselect \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Include in compile\u8221\'94 for the Contents document in the inspector if you do not want it in your final output.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 If you have no footnotes or endnotes in your text, be sure to delete the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Endnotes\u8221\'94 document.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Notes\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Ideas\u8221\'94 folders have been provided for your convenience, although you can replace them or create different top-level folders for your research materials if necessary (these are just regular folders that have had custom icons assigned to them using the Documents > Change Icon feature.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f2\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Compile your manuscript into standard manuscript format by selecting File > Compile.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Making Changes}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 There are various minor changes you can make to the settings to tweak this template so that it better suits your needs, as follows:}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f4\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f4\fs24\b1\i0 Chapter subtitles}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 : If you don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t want to include the names of your chapter folders below the chapter numbering text in the compiled document, go to the \u8220\'93Formatting\u8221\'94 pane in the Compile dialog and deselect \u8220\'93Title\u8221\'94 in the list of elements to include.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f4\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f4\fs24\b1\i0 Page header}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 : You can edit the page header in the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Page Settings\u8221\'94 pane of the Compile dialog.}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f4\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f4\fs24\b1\i0 Font}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 : You can use the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Formatting\u8221\'94 pane in Compile to change the font used in the final document by selecting a row in the elements table, then clicking into the preview text to select it and clicking the \u8220\'93A\u8221\'94 button in the format bar to change the font settings.}
\par\pard\plain \li950\fi-475\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f4\fs24\b1\i0	\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f4\fs24\b1\i0 Working with chapters instead of smaller sub-sections}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 : By default, this project is set up so that you write each sub-section of a chapter as a separate text document. If you don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t like to break things up quite that much, though, you can equally write a whole chapter in a single text document within each \u8220\'93Chapter\u8221\'94 folder.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qj\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Sample Document}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 See the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Sample MS\u8221\'94 PDF file in the Research folder for an example of a document that has been created using this template.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs36\b0\i0 Final Note}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template, and you can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using File > Save As Template.}}