{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl255\slmult0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 ## <$title>\{#<$label>-<$parentposition>.<$position>\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs52 <$Scr_Ps::0>The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85hey.\u8230\'85the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {Saving the world with meals on wheels. No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. They're not aliens, they're Earth\u8230\'85liens! The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.\u8230\'85hey.\u8230\'85the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant.}
\par\plain {I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. *catches himself* And that is not how I'm introducing myself. I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks! Heh-haa! }{\f0\fs26\b1 Super squeaky bum time!}{ }{\f0\fs26\i1 Aw, you're all Mr.}{ Grumpy Face today.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs40\b1 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::1>No, I'll fix it. I'm good at fixing rot. Call me the Rotmeister. No, I'm the Doctor. Don't call me the Rotmeister.<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {I'm the Doctor. Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't know why. Annihilate? No. No violence. I won't stand for it. Not now, not ever, do you understand me?! I'm the Doctor, the Oncoming Storm - and you basically meant beat them in a football match, didn't you?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	1.	}{I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	2.	}{I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. *catches himself* And that is not how I'm introducing myself.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	3.	}{It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool.}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb280\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs32\b1 You hate me; you want to kill me! Well, go on! Kill me! KILL ME!}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {Saving the world with meals on wheels. You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas? You hate me; you want to kill me! Well, go on! Kill me! KILL ME! No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{It's art! A statement on modern society, 'Oh Ain't Modern Society Awful?'!}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! You've swallowed a planet! I'm the Doctor. Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't know why. No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness.}
\par\plain {You've swallowed a planet! Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. *catches himself* And that is not how I'm introducing myself. You know when grown-ups tell you 'everything's going to be fine' and you think they're probably lying to make you feel better?}
\par\plain {All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong? You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas? You've swallowed a planet! I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship.}
\par\plain {Saving the world with meals on wheels. You know when grown-ups tell you 'everything's going to be fine' and you think they're probably lying to make you feel better? Did I mention we have comfy chairs?}
\par\plain {No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish. Saving the world with meals on wheels.}
\par\plain {The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85hey.\u8230\'85the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant. Annihilate? No. No violence. I won't stand for it. Not now, not ever, do you understand me?! I'm the Doctor, the Oncoming Storm - and you basically meant beat them in a football match, didn't you?}
\par\plain {You've swallowed a planet! You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas? You hate me; you want to kill me! Well, go on! Kill me! KILL ME! Did I mention we have comfy chairs? Aw, you're all Mr. Grumpy Face today.}
\par\plain {I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks! I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in. It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool. You've swallowed a planet!}
\par\plain {You hit me with a cricket bat. Aw, you're all Mr. Grumpy Face today. You hit me with a cricket bat. All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong? Aw, you're all Mr. Grumpy Face today.}
\par\plain {I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks! Saving the world with meals on wheels. You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas? I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship.}
\par\plain {I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in. No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in. They're not aliens, they're Earth\u8230\'85liens! }}