{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl255\slmult0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 ## <$title>\{#<$label>-<$parentposition>.<$position>\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs52\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>OK, this has gotta stop. I'm going to remind Fry of his humanity the way only a woman can.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Then we'll go with that data file! No, she'll probably make me do it. They're like sex, except I'm having them! What are their names? Alright, let's mafia things up a bit. Joey, burn down the ship. Clamps, burn down the crew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 No, she'll probably make me do it. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Okay, it's 500 dollars, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold the charge and the reception isn't very\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Bender, hurry!}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1 This fuel's expensive!}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  Also, we're dying!}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs40\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::1>But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop.<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Kif, I have mated with a woman. Inform the men. We'll need to have a look inside you with this camera. And then the battle's not so bad? Ow, my spirit! Yes, if you make it look like an electrical fire. When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 For one beautiful night I knew what it was like to be a grandmother. Subjugated, yet honored.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When the lights go out, it's nobody's business what goes on between two consenting adults.}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>Why would a robot need to drink?<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. Tell her you just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Who are you, my warranty?!}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Bender! Ship! Stop bickering or I'm going to come back there and change your opinions manually!}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I wish! It's a nickel. Hey, whatcha watching? Hey, whatcha watching? I love this planet! I've got wealth, fame, and access to the depths of sleaze that those things bring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 We don't have a brig. Meh. You'll have all the Slurm you can drink when you're partying with Slurms McKenzie! You are the last hope of the universe. No! The kind with looting and maybe starting a few fires!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Shut up and take my money! And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it. Then we'll go with that data file! We can't compete with Mom! Her company is big and evil! Ours is small and neutral!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Goodbye, cruel world. Goodbye, cruel lamp. Goodbye, cruel velvet drapes, lined with what would appear to be some sort of cruel muslin and the cute little pom-pom curtain pull cords. Cruel though they may be\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Is the Space Pope reptilian!?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You're going to do his laundry? Yeah, lots of people did. Do a flip! Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers? Oh, I always feared he might run off like this. Why, why, why didn't I break his legs?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Yeah. Give a little credit to our public schools. Fry, you can't just sit here in the dark listening to classical music. Daylight and everything. Oh right. I forgot about the battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Bender, you risked your life to save me! Hey, whatcha watching? There's one way and only one way to determine if an animal is intelligent. Dissect its brain! Ooh, name it after me!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I guess if you want children beaten, you have to do it yourself. And I'm his friend Jesus. Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'? Daddy Bender, we're hungry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Ah, computer dating. It's like pimping, but you rarely have to use the phrase "upside your head." It doesn't look so shiny to me. Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies. A true inspiration for the children.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It must be wonderful. Ah, yes! John Quincy Adding Machine. He struck a chord with the voters when he pledged not to go on a killing spree. Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg! Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Bender! Ship! Stop bickering or I'm going to come back there and change your opinions manually! You are the last hope of the universe. You lived before you met me?! Wow, you got that off the Internet? In my day, the Internet was only used to download pornography. }}