{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl255\slmult0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 ## <$title>\{#<$label>-<$parentposition>.<$position>\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs52\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>It's art! A statement on modern society, 'Oh Ain't Modern Society Awful?'!<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 They're not aliens, they're Earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85liens! Father Christmas. Santa Claus. Or as I've always known him: Jeff. You hate me; you want to kill me! Well, go on! Kill me! KILL ME! I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas? Aw, you're all Mr. }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Grumpy Face today.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs26\b0\i1 Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish.}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  I'm nobody's taxi service; I'm not gonna be there to catch you every time you feel like jumping out of a spaceship .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl255\slmult0\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b0\i0 \\input\{figures/texs/fig:c3.tex\}}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs40\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::1>I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. *catches himself* And that is not how I'm introducing myself.<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You know when grown-ups tell you 'everything's going to be fine' and you think they're probably lying to make you feel better? I hate yogurt. It's just stuff with bits in. No, I'll fix it. I'm good at fixing rot. Call me the Rotmeister. No, I'm the Doctor. Don't call me the Rotmeister.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Did I mention we have comfy chairs?}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs32\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::2><$Scr_H::2>They're not aliens, they're Earth\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85liens!<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You know when grown-ups tell you 'everything's going to be fine' and you think they're probably lying to make you feel better? All I've got to do is pass as an ordinary human being. Simple. What could possibly go wrong?}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I'm the Doctor. Well, they call me the Doctor. I don't know why. I call me the Doctor too. I still don't know why.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Father Christmas. Santa Claus. Or as I've always known him: Jeff.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 *Insistently* Bow ties are cool! Come on Amy, I'm a normal bloke, tell me what normal blokes do!}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You hit me with a cricket bat. Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas? Saving the world with meals on wheels. Annihilate? No. No violence. I won't stand for it. Not now, not ever, do you understand me?! I'm the Doctor, the Oncoming Storm - and you basically meant beat them in a football match, didn't you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. No, I'll fix it. I'm good at fixing rot. Call me the Rotmeister. No, I'm the Doctor. Don't call me the Rotmeister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It's art! A statement on modern society, 'Oh Ain't Modern Society Awful?'! You know when grown-ups tell you 'everything's going to be fine' and you think they're probably lying to make you feel better?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. *catches himself* And that is not how I'm introducing myself. Stop talking, brain thinking. Hush. No, I'll fix it. I'm good at fixing rot. Call me the Rotmeister. No, I'm the Doctor. Don't call me the Rotmeister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You hit me with a cricket bat. The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85hey.\u8230\'85the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 No\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It's a thing; it's like a plan, but with more greatness. It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezes are cool. Heh-haa! Super squeaky bum time! Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85hey.\u8230\'85the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant. You know how I sometimes have really brilliant ideas?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85hey.\u8230\'85the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant. They're not aliens, they're Earth\u8230\'85liens!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Sorry, checking all the water in this area; there's an escaped fish. I'm the Doctor, I'm worse than everyone's aunt. *catches himself* And that is not how I'm introducing myself. I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You hit me with a cricket bat. The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85hey.\u8230\'85the good things don't always soften the bad things; but vice-versa the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You've swallowed a planet! I am the Doctor, and you are the Daleks! Annihilate? No. No violence. I won't stand for it. Not now, not ever, do you understand me?! I'm the Doctor, the Oncoming Storm - and you basically meant beat them in a football match, didn't you? }}